Sunday morning dark clouds Rising oh there's no
sunshine anywhere strong winds blowing God give us wisdom
to grasp the message in the air
oh if I could have one wish and know that it would come true I wish that God
would give us strength to know just what to do then we could tear down the fences
[Music]
maybe we could walk together again
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon satanic
initiation tonight what I've got for you we're gonna go back to that party where
Jesus was partying with a room full of young boys
we're gonna see what he's telling them we're gonna see what he's doing and we're gonna watch him drug
Judas that's right tonight we're going in deep and we're
going to take ourselves to a place we can't come back from on lady Babylon
[Music]
laughs so we're going back to that banquet
we're going back to that supper we're going back to that place that all the
great Masters have tried to depict we're going to go back and see that tonight only this time we're going to focus
we're going to focus on that kid and we're gonna Focus
on the poisoning yeah let's see what happens here
um chewy we gotta cleanse this place we gotta get it we gotta get it up to par
and in order to do that we're gonna make a banquet here so I wanna I wanna bring
in the queen of Banquets let's look at Golden Aphrodite shall we
[Music]
foreign
star was amused did you yeah well as the Muse they called her
urania or urania fantastic so good now that I feel the
place is clean I want to jump into the dirtiness that makes the dirtiness all that all that much more pleasurable
we're gonna go to a banquet a place that's been set up in order to get there
I want to start you with one verse tonight and I want to bring that in this is from
notices paraphrase of John this is from his paraphrase of John should we blow
that up for me thanks and uh I just want you to notice a couple of things right up top methylone the second word
um he's intoxicated the kid is intoxicated right remember their ages
their mathitas they're students they're post primary
10 to 17 18 19 something in there and what's the what's uh this kid gonna
get he's gonna get from Jesus look in the second line in intheon arton and I
just want you to realize that's the in theotic bread that Jesus prepares for
Judas in order to get him to react
to what Jesus has put in his head isn't that amazing we're gonna go see
some prostitutes in Antiquity we're gonna go see these
first century prostitutes um I want you to keep in mind that in chaotic bread and I want us to go let's
look at the context of what's going on here look you know he loves these kids he
loved them all the way through their initiation all the way to their Telos to their
completion and when it became night I'm translating when the sun set
below the horizon there was a banquet
that was centered around the love making table
I knew it I knew it I knew there was something notice are you saying that there was
something going on that has to do well let's yeah yeah let's uh let's just keep
bringing it let's just it's gonna get dirtier and dirty let's just see he's made this banquet he's got a
everything's set up for his love Fest and this is not Agape that he uses yeah
this is an agapao right
at that kind of love I kind of love that one feels in that
special bond between an adult and they're fostering child
and I use those terms on purpose because according to numbness
Judas is Jesus's Foster son yeah
you see all these boys that Jesus has been picking up
they're looking to him yeah you see what's going on you see
what's going on bring up the next verse Chewie I wanna this is let's keep going we gotta just keep right in there okay
so this is from the Bible right you'll see the verse on the right and so the students they were all amazed if you
realize now that Jesus's students um were amazed quite easily on a regular
basis or remember their ages right remember their ages and you say well no wonder I always thought he was
treating the apostles like they were stupid yeah no he was treating him like they
were children which they were we're about to see one of them sit on his lap how old is a kid who while they're
sitting on your lap reaches up to where your breasts are what is that maybe nine
something like that um that's the party that we're at people right I know we've been here before but
I'm gonna add the drugs are you ready are you ready here we go let's go to the next one yeah did we get all of that one
yeah oh I wanted you to see so you know they're all amazed anyway look at that second line that second to last word
Techna how is he addressing his followers how is he addressing him you can take it down he's addressing them as
children would be very odd for a grown man to keep addressing a group group of grown
men uh with the you know we're children my little sheepies over and over and
over you would think we would have picked that up many years ago right it's only the naked kid that was
with Jesus when he was arrested that makes us start to think about kids anyway okay let's get let's go to the
next one please here we are here's another one this is Matthew 8 6. so yeah he's like whoever
scandalizes this is that Jesus whoever scandalizes one of my little itty bitty
buddies take it down that's what that first line says in Greek right whoever scandalizes one of Mighty
bitty micro Buddies I got my micro buddies here my name's Jesus
I like my little boys that's what that says are you surprised
realize please if you have enough until this point
I hate to blow it I'm gonna tell you
they're prostitutes they're prostitutes the boys are prostitutes
okay are you ready to prove this to me prove it bring on the evidence let's
keep going oh here we go yeah no we're done with that one keep going here it is oh look look so Peter Tom starts to talk
to him he says look you know he says look Jesus we've left behind everything
in order to join ourselves to you we've
left behind families we've left behind homes
we have left that behind what these guys are attached to Jesus give me the
definition the next definition right up there what does it mean to Okaloosa
something right what does it mean it means to be joined to it as if you have a Duty or an obligation to serve it they
use it of soldiers and slaves take it down soldiers and slaves
these are Jesus's boys and God help the
person who scandalizes who captures who traps those boys
what I have taught you says Jesus I want you to pass on boys yeah Peter you know what I'm talking
about Peter okay he's about to pull it out he's about to pull out his Cosby are you
ready um let's go to the next one here we are are you right so this is Matthew so
Peter was you know um he was sitting there oh outside of the gate yeah outside the gate what's he
doing right sorry the courtyard he's an hourly now he's in the alley he's in the
courtyard and he's what is he doing yeah he's a little pie diesuke comes up to him
and she says hey hey you're you're one of those you're one of those who's with Jesus of Nazareth now what is a pie
Decay please tell me Jesus is sitting I mean Peter is sitting there
in the courtyard while Jesus is getting hammered right
nervously and the padisuke walks up to him says hey you're with Jesus what is a padisuke
it's the next definition yep no not that one
um there we go yes perfect sorry my eyes are I need to put on my glasses I apologize bring me that up thanks Julie
for putting up with everything look young girl or Maiden what's it we don't use the term Maiden anymore right I
don't um young female slave Bond made right these people are not
there um you know just working this isn't just their job what else is
she look at number look at number two prostitute
prostitute yes a pedisuke is a young girl prostitute isn't that nice now they
don't always have to be involved in sex right they don't but we know the temples
and we know what the piadisuke does there and it's what you and I would call
prostitution and one of these prostitutes recognizes
him young one a girl a young girl she's like I know I know that guy he's
with Jesus in The Gang you know what she did she mentioned his pimp she mentioned his pimp she's with that
pimp Jesus right this kid this kid he's not look
they got his they got his pimp in there right it's now you think oh this is a
this is just a happenstance this is just coincidence let's see what what Peter
does and we're gonna go through these verses right right quick right um yeah yeah no so he denied it and he
said no um I have no idea what you're talking about next one and um then yeah
so now he comes out of the courtyard and when he does an ale another pie dish a
different one recognizes him she sees him and she says to the people there she says this guy is
one of those the kids that belongs to Jesus one of those of Jesus one of those of
Jesus you mean Jesus owns these guys don't you realize that that kid that he was
arrested with in the public park at 4am that kid was Uncle Luther am
he was serving he was serving
let's go to the next one it gets darker but I want to see Judas get drunk I really do I really do yeah so he goes a
little bit away and those those standing off at a distance a distance they come
up and they say hey um you are from these guys
um and we know it because from Jesus because the your lalia gives you away
bro your lalia gives you away what is your lalia what is your lalia it's the
way that you Converse it's the way that you hold yourself while you Converse
you know you get to know somebody's lalia and this kid Peter his lalia is up
around Galilee that's where he's coming from yeah yeah what is Peter doing response
throw it up there what does Peter Peter starts kind of in my teeth then he starts cursing
right how do you lolly like one of those prostitutes around Nazareth
um How do you how do you how do you carry yourself
what is your comportment um how do you talk you do exactly what Peter does you start
cursing and this is the kind of cursing that's go um go to hell type of cursing or may die
May a shark eat your mama that kind of thing right
um so they know they're like yeah he's you know he's one of them so that's two prostitutes why do you
think that two underage prostitutes
recognize Peter The Rock and first pope of the Great and Mighty Christian Church
[Music] don't worry
we know how to drug these kids right Jesus knows let's get to him right
I keep promising sure this is gonna be real climactic here because they they want to see them
they want to see him and I appreciate you guys being here thanks for everyone for coming tonight that's been I love
that um it's an honor you honor me with your time so let me make it worth your time
and give you some goodies okay are you ready yes so before the feast you know
the Passover you know um Jesus knew that his time was up you know
so um yeah he he finished loving he loved him all the way to his end his
boys and next one please and what happens um so there's this banquet made
you know and you see the next word diabolu and you're like Devil what is it what is the demo gonna do right I'm
gonna show you a possession you know what necromancers do with their drugs
they cause possession and Jesus Christ
does the same with Judas are you ready let's go to the next Source we're going to sneak up on this one you thought
Jesus was passive nope no very clever sociopath
this guy yeah so okay so the banquet's there and all our kids are there remember there's there's their children
or you know you know teenagers right teenagers teenagers okay room full of teenagers
with a couple who are 10 to 12ish yeah okay one of them sitting on Jesus's life that's the one he loved he loved
come on man come on don't do that it's the children you make it you make it so
dirty you make it so dirty for a grown man to be in a room
full of children with one of them sitting on his lap it's
not like he's done anything wrong right let's see him do something wrong should
we give him give him give me that same I think it's the same one it's the same one oh beautiful yeah what does he do he
says he takes off his clothes oh Jesus Christ why do you do this why do
you do it Jesus you make it so easy yeah people he's in a room an upper room
remember they had a they had to go through some stuff to get this place kind of out of the way
because Jesus knew his time was up right he felt the heat man they were gonna
come and get him he knew it right he wasn't surprised
yeah fantastic let's see what he does with with the boys here okay so he's naked and that's from the Bible people
it's from the Bible it's the Gospel of John he's naked he takes all of his
clothes and what what does he do he picks up a towel and he wraps it around himself
he picks up some kind of towel cloth and he wraps it around himself
okay fantastic let's keep going I know people that we've looked at some of this before but I need to set up the
poisoning right the drugging that Jesus did yeah and so he pours that water into
the vase I mean into the Basin it's like a catch basin yeah and then he began to watch wash the
feet of the students right if anybody in
here who has students ever ended up naked and washing their
feet they'd be thrown into prison right this is this is the big event that we're
making paintings about people this is the very last one of these Banquets that we're gonna have right
because things catch up with Jesus um there's a reason the crowd's yelling you know crucifying
okay let's um go to the next one please yeah and here we are so it comes to Simon Peter
he's going to wash his feet right and Peter says don't wash my feet here's the next one just don't wash my feet and
Jesus answers them back and he says he says look the thing that I'm doing you don't
understand it now yeah but you'll know later
and when you do now this is that's the end of the verse but you know when he
does figure out he's gonna be able to groom the Next
Generation yeah the prostitution continues yeah you
mean Christianity was a prostitution ring yep
yep yep and you wondered you know I was sitting with the I was sitting with the
Watchers the other day and we were talking about why people didn't get it
why people didn't see it I said didn't we tell him that he was always hanging
around with prostitutes well yeah you know
it was that whole forgiveness thing right it was oh you spot that stuff anytime you want
still going to end up kissing Judas right okay okay let's go back to the
text see what it says we're almost to the poisoning people thanks for hanging in there with me for so long we're gonna
have Neil in a little bit but um I got a few more texts to give you
yeah so so he washes his feet he washes their feet all their feet they've been
washed and so he puts back his clothes he puts on his clothes again and he you
know reclines and he says to them are you ready
by the way he was wiping them off with the thing that he put around his
flanks that thing is not covering his glory I am about to
show you the glory of Jesus Hallelujah
you mean you have the only attestation of Jesus's Manpower you right about that
you're right about that I have the only photo I have the only photo I am the
only Paparazzi who was able to get that one photo that one photo of Jesus's
Glory and I'm going to show it to you are you
ready it's text from Antiquity donkey so worked up
there's the text yes let's go back um so he says
after he's gone through all of this wash their feet made us all very
uncomfortable right nobody here has washed the feet naked of a bunch of boys have you I
don't know do you have a youth thing that does this I don't know but if you do you're probably worried about getting
caught which is a good thing supposed to discourage that right Jesus rode that
wave Gangsta G was not gonna let that stop him from taking care of his boys
now let's go to the next text I love it what happens here yeah so he
says look I'm not going to be here for long and you're going to come looking for me right and like I was saying to those
Jews wait what you know this is the Bible people John 13 33.
13 33. Jesus Christ
says like the other day when I was telling those Jews
you can't follow me where I'm going wait a minute wait a minute
two possibilities referring to somebody else's ethnicity
to distinguish from your own or from your audience's ethnicity
yeah which is more likely probably the kids who aren't Jews
yeah otherwise it makes them sound like he's a little stupid
yeah yeah huh just a little note I just want you
to see that little bump in the text like yeah you know a lot of this kind of stuff can happen through scribal error
right a lot of that kind of stuff can happen so I'm not gonna make a big deal about the identity thing let's go
um look at this and um so you know there was this kid lying back right right one
of his students lying back look at that second line in toy culpoy that's on the lap on the lap of Jesus and he was the
one that Jesus loved he was the one that Jesus loved he's sitting on Jesus's lap
and remember as Jesus is washing and he's uh we're gonna see this you're gonna freak When You See It Go ahead
next one yeah and what um what do you do this kid lie back he just he just put
his head back where Jesus is at the level of Jesus's breasts right the level of his breasts so again
that's how tall the kid is that's leaning on him and he says who is it because Jesus has been saying one of you
one of you boys is gonna betray me one of my little sheepkins is gonna betray
me right almost like he's setting it up
you ever feel like he was maybe setting it up there's lots of Watch What Happens here
um next text look at this and whoops and um so we'll take it down for a second so
what does Jesus do he says I'll show you who it is the one
that I give this to that takes it they're the one that's gonna betrayed me
yeah and he takes a little morsel and he baptizes it
he does what he baptizes it with just a couple of little drops of the purple
and he gives it to him and when he gives it to him when he gives them the intheon arton
when he gives him the bread infused
with the burning purple he goes nuts he goes nuts
Jesus pushes him pushes him right off the edge right he says watch this
when he had those kids feet washed you know what he said to them do you know what I've done to you
he's naked he's got that bull catching that water
washing those feet looking right down at his glory
and you don't think you don't think his glory was there bring on the glory of Jesus we've got to see the glory of Jesus where is it okay wait we got to
read this right after he takes that that infused bread what happens
Satan jumps into him yeah and Jesus says okay
go do it take it down what is he gonna do
that little program kid that poor guy he didn't have a chance coming bill that's
Bill Cosby Jesus Christ love it love it Jesus love your work
such a masterful manipulation it was brilliant let's see let's see what nonas
thinks next passage please next passage yep well I think that was it yeah and so
taking it you know it just says another one he went out and it was night time and yeah here's what notice here's how
nonus translates this look um at about evening he made a banquet a
banquet of this love Gathering and this third line from the bottom says
and Jesus performed he constructed an elaborate work
it was woven together what was it by the power bottom line by the power of a
wrestling demon he used Barb he used the Barb of greed
what he's the Barb of greed to what he used to Barbara greed to an oyster
Santos to what do you see the oysters in there everybody who's been there with me for
this the whole time do you see the oistress that's the Mania he is making
him enter a pocket frenzy a pocket
frenzy bring up the definition for yep look at this well just so in case you
don't believe me follow the purple right oh to go to Madness and where do you see
it euripides Baka look at the Greek in that second line what does it say it says having been goaded to that Madness
by love right goading the heart goading heart that's what Jesus is doing
he's scouting the heart of Judas yeah
God he's doing it isn't that genius that's genius that's why notice says
this is a brilliant plan this is a brilliant plan this man is maniacal but he's a genius and he's currently in a
room full of boys that he just got naked in front of
okay bring us that Source one more time we're almost there Neil we're almost there
yeah is that the second one yeah okay and so this is just more of that same text so he he created this world look at
that second line look at that second line so he made this banquet this is the rewriting of John
and he oh what does that third line say here it is take it take it down I'm sorry take it down is everybody ready
drum roll please ladies and gentlemen I am proud to present to you for the
first time in human history the unveiling of the genitalia of Jesus
Christ let's see it look at that look at the third line look at the third line he took off his
clothes that covered his glorious meat
his glorious meat look at the word his meat his flesh is shining it is
resplendent resplendent like what resplendent with strength
oh go ahead no take that one down
that's his Flash he showed his flesh
you have to give it to Jesus for showing his flesh now you understand why all the
prostitutes now you understand why Mary has the sex drugs
now you understand why they call the semen of Jesus the love of God
you are sitting there and you are not a Christian
unless you are abusing children the only true
Christian today are those creepy priests they're the only ones those creepy youth
pastors they're the only ones all the rapist Baptists that you can
find they're the real Christians yes no
this is a religion that is founded by a
pedophile perpetuating a rape ritual
and I'm not the one saying it notices I didn't make this up all I'm doing is
showing you texts I showed you the in theotic bread let's
see the next one I just want you to see people the purple I wanted you to see the purple yeah I think that maybe go
back to that one yeah yeah oh and um by the way this one describes after he
shows his flesh right what does he do he makes a kind of a false me train he
makes a false ladies girdle now around his pube region yeah and he ties it off
good with a sh with a strong knot kind of thing yeah and it's kind of in a fashion that's coming out of the tombs
yeah this and lintion thing that he's using but what is it what is it says
Anonymous he says it's that cure cure of those
ikmadic feet cure the icmotic feet
yeah you remember that stuff that he's putting from the washing from the kids
yeah when you talk about purifications and mystery
um you have to remember that the first mystery Queen lady Babylon herself the medwa the queen of caucus you got to
remember that those rituals have to do with the creation of fluids
that can be used within the within the religion within the mystery
right it's lady babylon's cup of her own sexual juices that is the
right when they bathed Medea they collected the water
they didn't have a bath they washed her and collected the offrunnings and
distributed those as medicine yeah you mean Medea was so jacked with
so many drugs even coming out of her culpos
when she takes care of Jason people you know where she gets the drugs that make Jason and vulnerable to Fire and to pain
she gets them out of her vagina right it's the medicine of the time if
you got a problem with a sorcery then I don't care but Jesus is in the midst of
that he's in the midst of it with these kids let's go to the next text we're almost done oh yes we've got we've got a wrap
look um but I want to give you the goodies that were here um just so you can see
um what is he doing what is Jesus doing at this point this isn't now this is
um summation or paraphrasing of John right he says he pours out that water
that Hoople on water the water that comes from below the lap
the water that comes from below the lap right oh wait a minute are we getting
Theo are we getting Vox orifica
yeah guess what we're about to see it with the messengers as Jesus describes
why he drugged Judas um just notice here that uh um yeah he
he's washing their feet again dirty guy I just want him to see the wall that comes with a lap and I want you to notice that second and third word
yeah okay let's let's keep going let's we need to we need to get on um
yeah I'm gonna skip that one too but I want you to notice that the bottom oystery thin taste this is more of
John's gospel talking about other people that entered an ecstatic phase and these
people were the ones that were doing it because they were accepting the Christ at the well in Samaria when he's when
the kids when the kid Apostles are all like why is he talking to that woman yeah right Water of Life stuff it's
driving them crazy it's typical cult stuff people you don't see this because we've seen only the fairy tale right you
expect the church to give you the the historical reality no they're gonna convey whatever gives to you you know
any religion is going to Orthodox Judaism is that's all Orthodox Judaism is
is an attempt at propaganda to control that's all Orthodox anything
is anything Orthodox is an attempt to set parameters about what is Right teaching
orthodox right so that's all that they do that's why you have Bible studies right it's
why you have Bibles haven't you ever wondered why classes study just ancient
literature except for the Bible and then you have an entire department where people study just the Bible out of its
context it's because they want to control the propaganda yeah that's Orthodox right there I don't care
if you're one of the Taliban you're controlling it when you threaten girls by saying I'm gonna throw acid in your
face that's all you're doing that's all you're doing
let's go love ex love the exposure get it get the get the next one up oh okay
so Jesus is yeah what's going on here oh yeah he says with the hand so he says in
the hand that I'm you know um I'm gonna give um the one
um who's gonna betray me with this thing that I've baptized that I've soaked what have you soaked it in Jesus in these
little drops in these little drops these little drops they're infused these
little drops that are infused with that wine dark or wine faced literally with
that purple those purple drops yeah now again this is Vox orphica go
back I need to see that again please Joy this is Vox orphica right the one that
I'm giving it to right I'm giving these infused with the
purple and this one is gonna do exactly what I set up for him to do
all right this is masterful manipulation it's brilliant right he's gonna do it
himself go to the next one I think we skipped one that we're gonna do but um I think um okay go down to the fourth line
okay I met the fescalon arton right and after now this is where the
Diabolical part gives in right so immediately immediately upon giving him
that Divine bread remember he he says theskalon it's like it's inspired the
bread of inspiration the stuff will knock you down right you'd be inspired
so what does it say he does with it it says after he gave him that that was
sprinkled that was that he had sprinkled in what did he sprinkle into it he sprinkled in
pothon sire for ecstasy the desire for Bliss
what Jesus put in that bread and gave to that kid he says will cause him
to have a desire a drive a passion for
Bliss okay okay
um kind of creepy you know you might expect that from Bill Cosby right I'm going to take him to the zone I'm gonna
take him to the he's given it to him and immediately the kid gets up and was that
nope yep and uh
oh and he says what happens he gives him that bread right that's that that bread
of power and what happens to him he become that bread it becomes the
messenger the messenger of this overwhelming greed and
with this you know after administration of this thing with its desire for Bliss
pompous pompous diamond the diamond and that's the devil that
he's talking about when he says satanas that's the devil the devil enters completely into him
ES a messenger or a carrier a carrier
of sin carrier of sin uh Jesus could you
explain that to me one more time yeah you give him the drug and the devil enters into them voila
possession yeah haven't you been paying attention he's been talking to the devil the whole
time right he's like goodbye right now he's using it and now you know
why the religious Jews that are there say this dude is casting out demons by
the power of Beelzebub yeah right that's the devil
all right that's the devil's power he's the one who initiates that this is his kingdom right Jesus knows that he's just
using the physics and he's using it with his boys if you want to enter the Kingdom of Heaven
you've got to become a boy go to the last example I just want to
finish up with this and then we'll call we'll call Gnostic inform it up and see he's got some great stuff I'm gonna throw the floor to him I just underline
a couple of things here I just want you to see this is from noticesiaka and I just want you to see
that it's describing a group of women who have put upon their breasts
these Iron Bowls and these bowls are used in the creation of drugs they
preserve the Divine milk of these women who were suited in armor they're suited
in armor over their breasts and their breasts are called breasts
that bring the Mystic initiation
isn't that nice do you know what we want we don't want that drug from Jesus we
don't want that bread that's going to make us flip out and do exactly what he's programmed us to do we don't want
that we don't want that we want that milk we want that milk would you be surprised
if we found out it had the purple you you may you may now before we bring in Neil I
just want to say um to all the fundamentalist religions in in the west oh they're in the East
now too um in the east and west to all the fundamentalist religions
you who are people of the book particularly you people of the book
your book is the product of a mystery ride
that involves the rape of children yeah from Moses to Jesus
we're all into the Venom yeah yeah tonight we want to call in we want to
call in the Gnostic informant is the Gnostic informant here yes yes well I'm
gonna I'm gonna shut up for a minute and if you would just take over and give us
what you've got Neil I'm giving you the floor thanks for coming tonight thank you I wanted to talk about the
purple that you mentioned so is there the question is if this is what Jesus was doing
did this tradition continue at all and where do we have evidence of it so I have a I have a text about Marcus madius
second century so this is early this is the first well let's just say
second generations of Christians after you know the first generation of the first century Christians
all right I got a screen down there I'm sharing there it is and this is about Marcus madis he's the student of
valentinus and valentinus claims to be a student of John so that's that's the
tradition that's what all the historians like eusebius and all them are saying about the line of how how close are they
to Jesus he's three away Jesus John valentinus and Marcus madius so Marcus
matches is over in Rome he's very high up he'd be like considered a cardinal today it's extremely popular and I just
want to make one more thing clear before I read this he was never in his lifetime
charged with heresy he was extremely popular during his lifetime it's not
until a century later century and a half later where an Orthodoxy became begins to form
and like Dr Amma was saying orthodoxies come along and they they hijack these
these wild movements and they sort of uh they corporate corporatize them
basically so he becomes a he becomes a heretic way later when it becomes
convenient it's very important to know that so the things the things he's doing here are considered normal Christian
practice for the church at Rome okay Vatican basically so it says
another among them Marcus an Adept in sorcery carrying on operations partly by
sleight of hand and partly by demons deceive many from time to time this
heretic alleged that remember this is written by a guy way later alleged that there resided in him the mightiest power
from invisible and unnamable places very often taking the cup as it offering
up the Eucharistic prayer and prolonging to a great length than usual word of
invocation he would cause the appearance of the purple and sometimes red mixture so that his
dupes imagine that a certain Grace descended on the communicated to the potion of a blood red potency the knave
however at the time succeeded in escaping detection from many but now being convicted of the Imposter he will
be forced to assist from it for infusing secretly into the mixture some drug that
possessed the power of imparting such a color the purple as alluded above uttering for
a considerable time nonsensical Expressions we all know what this is this is mania this is a revelry
he was in the habit of Wade waiting in expectation that the drug obtaining a
supply of moisture might be dissolved and being intermingled with the potion that might impart its color to it the
drugs however that possess the quality of Furnishing this effect we had previously mentioned in the book on
magicians so basically he's talking about this Marcus Magis character is
drugging people during the Eucharist and what would happen was if you continue to
read the next page he basically says like these people would go into bakic frenzies they would go into these states
of of euphoria and psychedelia psychedelia and then he would tell them that's the spirit of God who descended
on you that's the Holy Spirit that's Jesus and there's guys snitching on him as if
he's a heretic but if this guy if it wasn't in the in the in the cards to make this guy a heretic
the political situation didn't present itself and this guy was part of the Orthodoxy you'd never know this Texas
you would never know this practice ever existed does that make sense now go
ahead yeah no no that's an excellent excellent point there's there for some reason he's not just making it up and
you know it matches the Traditions that we have with it it's exactly what you would expect so beautiful evidence love
it now real quick I want to point something out so keep that in mind when you're looking
at John 13 like you know some people will say this is not this isn't historical this is
this is a legend it's like okay why is the author saying
that Jesus had to dip the bread in the dish and give it to Judas in order for Satan
to enter him what is the author even trying to say there to me it's a it's it's tomato
tomato it doesn't even make a difference because whether it's attributing this to Jesus or if it actually happened
it's like what's going on here are you is are they showing you this is like some sort of tradition to get people in
the state um and one more thing I want to show this is from this is also this is from
John from John 19 same author same text and when he's on he's on the cross
right and he says I'm thirsty and they give him a sponge of vinegar on the
stock of a hissa plant right and uh real quick before I show you what
a hisop plant is down here is a weird thing that happens
when they see when he sees his mother where is it sit down here all right here
he sees his mother and then he says to his mother oh by the way this is a disciple who I
my beloved disciple the one that sits on Jesus's shoulder and he says woman here
is your new son wait a minute your new son
what have you married is this your me is this a mother his new mother-in-law because you're married to this child
what's going on here that's a weird thing to happen why would your beloved disciple have
this become your mother your mother's son
weird just say it now I want to show you last thing I want to show you what a hissile plant looks like because this ties it all together
this is the hissap plant purple of course
it's always purple all the drugs are always purple you ever notice that
wow even the text that I brought from Marcus
Magis he says it was a purple substance yeah yeah something's going on with that
yeah you say The Acacia Thorn is also isn't that a purple produces a purple
Acacia and mimosa hostilis plant barks when you blend it up so it looks like a
bark but then when you blend it up and and get it to a fine powder and add
a little bit of water it completely turns purple dark red blood red purple like like the color behind me
turns into that nice nice okay Neil tell me
um uh having brought in that Source um what do you think the broader world
out there will think you're we're beginning to see uh you know the kind of the stripped of all it's Disneyland
we're seeing Jesus with prostitutes we're seeing him take use these kids
um how do we take this message to the world how do we do we do it with this just this scholarly approach what are we
doing here are we you know we have an audience the audience is engaging um what do you think I'm just you know
what's your vision keep bringing sources out keep bringing the sources out I was
just talking to someone before this about Jeremiah the book Jeremiah and
they're the the people just assume this book was written in 650 BC okay interesting so that's that's the
case it should be cited it should be passed around it should have spread somewhere by the by the time we get to
the third Century BC this text should be well known right no I'm like okay well can we can we get
a citation of this text can we get it can we get something I mean I just want to see something because I'll believe you I'm not being biased against this
text being dated to this time and they'll say well Jeremiah takes place in the time of King Hezekiah okay so did
Daniel Daniel lived in the time of belshazzar but we figured out that
Daniel has clear knowledge of what happens in the Hellenistic world so we
know Daniel's a later text being backdated in fact a lot of people point out that prophecy is a genre
it's like the sibling text they're backdated to show what happened so why
wouldn't you say the same thing for Jeremiah and that's just funny and then he says and then someone else said um I'm
talking to someone else about it too and this person points out that there's a a rock that somebody found under the
city of David and on The Rock was there a name of somebody
the name was like yeah rukim son of somebody that's all it says on the Rock
can't date it it's not carbon dateable right so you just gotta look at the the
the inscription and it just looks like some regular Hebrew from any time and it
has this person's name on it well it turns out that in the book of Zechariah this is going to blow your mind you're
gonna this is gonna you're gonna be like what this is laughable in the book of Zechariah somewhere in this book it
mentions a guy with that same name so they took they said since Zechariah
is dated to 650 that this rock must be from 650.
because a guy's name is on it that with the same name that's in Zechariah where's
the standard of like of like the the Historical Method and scientific meth
where where why come when we get to Bible studies that all goes out the window like you mentioned the class of six
department is a whole different world you're going to get to try to get a PhD in Classics you better you're gonna have
to know Greek you have to know different languages then you for to get a PhD in like some
Bible studies you get a master of divinity which is nothing Master Divinity is laughable and
then you get you take that Master Divinity and you just get like a PhD in some random studying Daniel or something
from it's a way easier PhD is what I'm saying I'm not saying it ain't easy I haven't
done it so who am I to talk but I'm just saying it's a different world than Classics and I don't think anyone I
don't think anyone would disagree with me on that when you now you know my classes have
the same reaction to Bible scholars right because yeah it's not really real right when you can date something like
that from a absurdity I mean okay if we did that with the rest of History we
would be so confused and you could say anything you were you'd make any argument you wanted you know no there's
a standard Neil's pointing out and that standard is the text we have that thing preserved do you think archaeologists
make stuff up they're trying to figure out from the dirt they're from getting that evidence there we have that with
Classics too we have that evidence so it's all about handling that evidence
people and you've seen them we showed you they're using the drugs they're in these sex rights the Christians are
doing it Jesus is doing it what you know how many naked boys am I gonna have to
find associated with Jesus before somebody says huh maybe you know maybe
this guy is right you know we should go back and look at it um Neil how many years give me a number
one between one and ten how many years before what you and I are doing is gonna actually catch up to the academics where
they're gonna say oh wait a minute it's a good question I was talking about Derek I was talking with Derek about
that and I think it's going to be it's only a matter of time before they're gonna have to they're gonna have to engage with this stuff the more the more
people that come up and say the same thing like Russell caberkin from a whole different point of reference is coming
to the same conclusion as you and me and other and a few others so eventually you don't you want to to
prove us wrong if you like if everything you everything that you guys are have consensusly on
consensus on if it's so Rock Solid if it's so well slam dunk no but with this
we know these dates now then shouldn't you be able to just lay something out for me that I can't defend right
so I think it's I think it'd be short couple years two three years good I hope you're right man I hope
you're right and I hope this type of the new museum with this new technology I
hope it catapults things forward thank you if you need a YouTube for let you
know letting people do this did you know that to get a master Divinity you have to sign a statement of faith
did you know this is that it there's sbl seminarians they have to sign a
statement of faith can I pull it up can I pull it up and show people of
course go ahead go ahead fine all right because think about this why is this
there okay so somebody tried to tell me it's not that big of a deal Neil could stop
it they're just doing it because you know whatever whatever well then why are
they doing it like you're telling me that I have to sign on a piece of paper and lie if I so if I don't plan on give
being faithful then I'm gonna lie I'm gonna sign something and lie to you and
if I do want to be faithful then I'm signing something to say that I'm going to lie to other people
because if I find something that goes against my beliefs then I have to say it I don't believe it so why why why should
anyone take anything that sbl says seriously look at this discussing faith and reason
um oh I think this is like some sort of like oh okay so this is them this is an art this is from the SPL site saying
that uh basically saying because they're getting a bunch of complaints from people saying you guys are signing
statements of Faith what the [__] right so here's them saying like no we don't
does it mean anything no it's not a big deal look all these people sign these
things saying they they take their work serious okay big [__] dude sorry but like that [__] is just not
cutting it for me like I'm sorry why is it there I'm just saying am I being crazy for asking why that's
there no no no no no I think do you think it's maybe this kind of similar to
the Apostles Creed I mean they came up with that pretty early too like it's the what is that stuff for when you make a
mantra that everybody has to follow it that's just control isn't it it is like you're you're putting someone
in a position no matter what they're gonna you're saying you need to be a liar not think
now before you say I'm being like unfair here let's run run this down
you're a Christian okay you're a Christian you get your master of divinity you go to you sign your your
statement of faith now you're you're basically signing on a piece of paper that if I find evidence
that goes against my faith I have to reject it you're telling someone to do that now if I'm if I really just wanted
to get this if I'm really just trying to get a PhD as a Bible scholar and I don't really have faith right let's say I'm a
real critical scholar you're still making me sign it and because I'm not going to go along
with this thing I'm lying to you so I'm lying to somebody no matter what you're making people lie by doing this
how stupid is that it's just it's so crazy it's like I can't take it seriously anymore I can't it's almost
like [__] seriously anymore it's almost like mind control isn't it I mean you see it they talk down on people like
people like myself who I do this completely on my own I'm not working for
University I'm not a per I don't have a I'm not a scholar I'm just a guy with the channel that wants to learn and
wants to make content but when I come to some of these people with their masters of divinities and I talk to them and I
bring stuff up like hey why does Herodotus never mention any of this like I'll just say stuff like how come these
elephantine Jews living in the fifth century don't have any book of Exodus they don't have a book of Genesis they
don't have any of the prophets they have a temple of Yahweh but they also have other like what's going on like why is
there nothing no evidence at all of any of these texts until the fourth and
third century and they they just write me off like I'm like like I'm being like like I'm a mythicist or some crazy
person they just write you off completely like you like what you're saying is so it's
so beneath me that I don't even have to respond to you that's that's how that's that's the type of mentality that I that
I get when I when I bring these bring this stuff to their to their attention it just seems like what I'm saying is so
it's so uh look at look at me I have a PhD in the in the Dead Sea Scrolls so
that means I went to school for 10 years and you you're bringing yourself to my attention that I've never heard before
so therefore it must not be true that's what it feels like
it feels like you think because you went to school for 10 years that you know everything now
and it's like that's not what I'm seeing I'm not impressed to be honest I'm just not I would I would correct you in one way
Neil I would correct you in one way you said I'm not a scholar that's not true that's not true you're
better scholar than people I worked with okay so that's that's absolutely not
true you're a scholar of this public Museum and people come to you to get that information so you know you may not
be ha sharing in the glory of the boys at Princeton and Harvard but yes we can
smack but you're a scholar but you're a
scholar don't ever say you're not a scholar but no that's [__] that's [__] those degrees that those people
have are worthless they they think they can hold them over your head you show
them the evidence and they run away they run away like cowards
sir smug you're a coward I asked I asked for a citation of Genesis
just somebody one one person mentioning the Book of Genesis and the ancient world let's say before
all right let's before 400. let's see that should be pretty easy I get shown a Hebrew word two Hebrew
words side by side in the book of Jeremiah now yes it's true that in the Book of
Genesis those two Hebrew words show up side by side how is that a citation
you found a genetic connection between two texts maybe how is that a citation though
right that's what I asked for that's what I got so if that's the best you can give me when I ask for a citation of the
most Masterpiece book of all time the book that started three major religions
that conquered the world and I'm at and now all I'm asking for is somebody
somewhere that mentions this text before 400 BC and the best you can do is show
me some language in another book that doesn't even say like a citation to me
is when Plato says in Homer's Odyssey book 10 Odysseus does this that's a citation but
when when something happens in one book and they mention a word they use the word chaos and then in another book
someone else uses the word chaos that's not a citation the citation would be oh
in the in the book written by Moses called Genesis here's what it says blah
blah blah that's a citation and I that's what I said to this person I said that's not a
citation and they're like they they put they wrote me off like I was some crazy person because I didn't accept this this
idea of a citation so I'm just saying that that's the best if that's the first thing you're throwing at me then I
already know that what I'm what that where I'm going is in the right direction do you feel Neil you don't have to name
names I'm not gonna but do you feel that in all of your interactions with
Scholars over the years do you feel that you may have been intellectually molested a little bit
oh yeah especially especially winners at the church glad I broke out of that pretty
quick though I'm sorry even after though even after like coming out of that and I start you
know start following different with different academics yeah of course that's that's the case sometimes you
know yeah yeah it's just a shame that people won't that people won't kind of
say hey damn the fame damn the career damn the money
we're just bringing the museum and that's what you're doing that's what you're doing well I hope I hope your art
by the way for all my audience I hope Neil's art continues to take off because
he's gonna be the next get this I hope you don't mind if I tell them but um they know that you work with me you
produce um some of the video right that I'm bringing out and
um your style and your you know your certain Flair that you've got um and I want to thank you for doing
that I want them to recognize that as well but um I have presented Neil with
one of the most difficult projects I think you could have and that is I asked him to present
the image of Lady Babylon the Medea producing the
communion from her vagina just as the texts talk about and I'm
hoping that he can do this but he has to go up against an AI you have to battle
an AI right things very regulated on what you try to produce which is which you can understand that
because there's people who try to make you know pedophilia [__] going on so you can see why it's like that so I don't
know what it's going to let me do I don't know how far let me go but we're definitely gonna try it
logically people remember I'm I'm gonna be reading a text this is a preview I'm
going to be reading a text um so the whole YouTube Community can know how on the up and up this is I'm
going to be reading a text of a Roman Gaius Valerius flaccus where he
describes Medea taking the drug from her vagina that is used to anoint Jason so
that he can be both flame retardant and without any pain
you know stimulated for combat love it love it so I'm hoping that Neil can
bring this image of Lady Babylon through um I love it Neil I I can't thank you
enough for working with me my pleasure
all right guys thanks for coming tonight and um rock on and hail Satan hail Satan
it is [Music]
[Applause] only maybe we could walk together again
just maybe we could walk together again
[Music]